Does anyone else find it really odd that despite the overwhelming similarities
between the Egyptians and the Incas, that mainstream scientists,
archeologists and the textbooks that are being taught in school completely omit
any of this information. Take, for example,
the step pyramids that are found both in Peru, ancient Egypt in Cambodia.
Does anyone else think that that's an accident or just a coincidence? Well,
wait a second. Wait a second.
The ancients were dumb. Of course, it's a coincidence.
Heck if you give some kids some toy blocks,
they're gonna build random things up.
And of course you're gonna find similarities somewhere. Right.
But wait a second.
What about the incredible similarities use of trap OID doors found both with the
Incas and in the Egyptian cultures trap OID doors,
never mind that that's only found in those two cultures.
It's obviously definitive evidence that they were so primitive that they were
incapable of building anything with the straight line.
But what about the incredible similarities of the use of gold fee funeral masks
on their mummies or the fact that both these cultures would cross the arms of
their mummies gold funeral masks? So what in fact,
if anything that just proves that they didn't have the ability to dip them in
Roadium and make white gold obviously, and crossing the arms of the mummies. Oh,
come on.
The ancients were cold blooded Neanderthals that probably just the bodies of the
mummies into their sarcophagus and did away with them.
And heck I wouldn't be surprised if the arms of the mummies just simply crossed
over after they were dumped in by accident. Come on, wait a second though.
How do you explain the fact that Egyptian mummies have been found with traces of
cocaine in them? I mean,
after all cocaine is exclusively native of south America.
So how do you explain that Egyptian mummies would have cocaine in them despite
the inability to cross the oceans? You're kidding. Right?
You don't need to go to south America to get cocaine.
Heck go to the south side of town and find yourself a corner.
And in minutes you can land yourself. Some cocaine, God, you sound so naive,
but wait a to second,
how do you explain the overwhelming similarities between the architecture and
structure and the cutting of various stones found in both of these cultures?
In fact, the evidence is overwhelming that the exact same type of technology in
architecture was used by multiple civilizations across multiple continents
around the world. And it's completely unexplainable. Oh,
really then me to tell you something,
is there like a stamped trademark in any of these stones that prove that it's
from the same culture? No, there isn't.
So technically that's not proof of anything.
Well then how do you explain the incredible similarities of the depiction of the
third eye or the eye of hos in both cultures or even the very similar
architecture of various buildings or the use of eye or the elongated
skulls or even the swirl marks found in various pottery or the
massive swirl marks found in the earth that are hundreds of meters wide. I mean,
you can even find evidence that they worship the sun and had very similar
animals facing the exact same positions. And these are continents apart.
When you take all these things into consideration, how can you call all of this?
Just a coincidence. You know what, let me ask you a question.
Has any of this been verified and agreed upon by peer reviewed science? No,
it hasn't. They don't agree with it. So it can't be true. In fact,
I don't wanna hear anymore, you know, leave me alone, leave me alone. I'm right.
You're wrong. I don't, I hate change. In fact, you know what? I've heard enough.
I'm gonna go put my GMO,
rid frozen dinner in the microwave and eat up cuz there's obviously nothing to
see here. All right. All jokes aside. I save the best for last DNA evidence.
How do you explain the fact that 30% of all native American DNA is middle
Eastern? Right? In fact,
this was verified about a year and a half ago and scientists have no explanation
for this. In fact,
it completely debunks the known and currently accepted human migration
patterns that have been discussed in textbooks for decades.
But if you wanna hear something even more crazy,
they're finding that in various areas of south America,
the DNA originates from get this Aborigines from Australia
and it dates back to 17,000 years ago. So how do you explain that?
And I should mention that I'm citing a study done by Harvard and they have
absolutely no explanation for this. In fact, they're dumbfounded.
They have no explanation.
So the only logical explanation is that Plato is right and that many other
civilizations were when they carved in stone and stated that there was once an
advanced civilization that was capable of traveling between the continents also
known as Atlantis. I mean,
when you consider that Aboriginal DNA is found in south America as far back as
17,000 years ago.
And then when you consider that there was a global cataly that happened 13,000
years ago,
it's obvious that there global reset button on ancient human civilization and
that we were once far more advanced than our textbooks currently teach in
school. And that we were able to travel between the continents. I mean,
DNA evidence and evidence found with cocaine in these mummies and all the
overwhelming similarities makes it completely conclusive that these two cultures
were obviously connected in more ways than we can possibly imagine today,
real quick. I need to mention that everything that I share with you today,
I couldn't have done without the works of humans are free.com.
The works of Richard Castero, who has his own YouTube channel,
which you need to check out as well as Richard castero.com and check out his
book called the missing link written in stone.
I also utilize photos from Graham hancock.com as well as an article by BARR
Manson with ancient origins.net.
There's so much evidence that the history of human civilization is far older and
was once far more advanced than we were ever taught in school or is currently
being taught in school today. Anyways, guys, I'm Jimmy, this is bright insight.
Like can subscribe.
I have many other videos for you to enjoy on a whole wide variety of topics.
Take care of buddy.